NIGHTMARE MODULE FORMAT
-----------------------
Blank lines are ignored, so you can use them to divide stuff up and make it
more readable.

Lines beginning with # are comments.

Numbers are assumed to be decimal; to indicate hex, include a "0x" prefix.
  You can even indicate octal with a "0" prefix, if you're so inclined. :D

All numeric values can be decimal or hex interchangably, with the exception
  of table files - the values there are assumed to be hex. (This allows
  copying and pasting from existing table files.)



THE MODULE FORMAT
-----------------
The first line holds the module file version. For this file, that's "1".
  No decimal points or anything fancy.
The second line is the module description, which appears on the title 
  bar when the module is loaded.
The third line is the root address of the data table.
The fourth line is the number of table entries.
The fifth line is the length of a single entry.
The sixth line is a filename, indicating a list of names to be used by 
  the entry selector. If "NULL", the entry selector will only use 
  numbers. If names run out before numbers do, the selector will continue
  with just numbers.
The seventh line is also a filename, indicating the table file to be used 
  by TEXT entries. Tables here can only be letter-matching, that is, of 
  the form XX=Y; multiple bytes or multiple characters, such as XXYY=Z, 
  or XX=yz, are not permitted. If "NULL", standard ASCII is assumed.

Here follow entry-component handlers, until the end of the file.

It is recommended (for reasons of readability by humans) that a newline 
be placed here, and also after each entry-component handler.



ENTRY-COMPONENT HANDLER FORMAT
------------------------------
The first line contains a textual description.
The second line contains the offset from the start of the entry.
The third line contains the number of bytes used by the component.
The fourth line indicates type, which is one of the following: 

  TEXT - Text editbox
  HEXA - Hex array (useful for indicating and changing unknowns)
  NEHU - Numeric editbox, hex unsigned
  NEDS - Numeric editbox, decimal signed
  NEDU - Numeric editbox, decimal unsigned
  NDHU - Numeric dropbox, hex unsigned
  NDDU - Numeric dropbox, decimal unsigned

  Binary toggles should use NEHU with something like "(binary)" in their
  description, and an explanation in comments within the module file.
  Types are not case-sensitive.

The fifth line is the parameter file, a name list for dropboxes. It 
  follows this format:

  <number of entries to follow>
  <numeric value> <written description>
  <numeric value> <written description>
  ...
  <numeric value> <written description>

  The numeric value is displayed in the context specified by Type
  (hex or decimal, for example). This value is what is written to the
  rom when a dropbox entry is selected and Save is used. This parameter 
  is unused ("NULL") for editboxes.
